OAuth 1.0a signature methods: RSA-SHA256, RSA-SHA512 and HMAC-SHA512 (#723)
oauthlib/oauthlib: docs/feature_matrix.rst

Supported features and platforms
================================

Features
--------

OAuth 1.0a
..........

OAuth 1.0a is fully supported for both clients and providers.

All standard *signature methods* defined in `RFC 5849`_ *The OAuth 1.0
Protocol* are supported:

- HMAC-SHA1
- RSA-SHA1
- PLAINTEXT

Non-standard *signature methods* that replaces SHA-1 with more

> stronger digest algorithms are also supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-standard *signature methods* that replaces SHA-1 with stronger
digest algorithms are also supported:
```

the request.

OAuth 2.0
.........

OAuth 2.0 client and provider support for:

- `RFC 6749 section-4.1`_: Authorization Code Grant
- `RFC 6749 section-4.2`_: Implicit Grant
- `RFC 6749 section-4.3`_: Resource Owner Password Credentials Grant
- `RFC 6749 section-4.4`_: Client Credentials Grant
- `RFC 6749 section-6`_: Refresh Tokens
- `RFC 6750`_: Bearer Tokens
- `RFC 7009`_: Token Revocation
- `RFC Draft`_ Message Authentication Code (MAC) Tokens
- OAuth2.0 Provider: `OpenID Connect Core`_
- OAuth2.0 Provider: `RFC 7636`_: Proof Key for Code Exchange by OAuth Public Clients (PKCE)
- OAuth2.0 Provider: `RFC 7662`_: Token Introspection
- OAuth2.0 Provider: `RFC 8414`_: Authorization Server Metadata

Features to be implemented (any help/PR are welcomed):

- OAuth2.0 **Client**: `OpenID Connect Core`_
- OAuth2.0 **Client**: `RFC 7636`_: Proof Key for Code Exchange by OAuth Public Clients (PKCE)
- OAuth2.0 **Client**: `RFC 7662`_: Token Introspection
- OAuth2.0 **Client**: `RFC 8414`_: Authorization Server Metadata
- SAML2
- Bearer JWT as Client Authentication
- Dynamic client registration
- OpenID Discovery
- OpenID Session Management
- ...and more

Platforms
---------

> OAuthLib is mainly developed andtested on 64-bit Linux. It works on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuthLib is mainly developed and tested on 64-bit Linux. It works on
```
